Removing 'SetWriteTimeout' method in favor of WithWriteTimeout (#213)
DataDog/datadog-go: CHANGELOG.md

## Breaking changes

- 'WithDevMode' option has been removed. The extended telemetry it enabled is now part of the default telemetry.

> - 'WithWriteTimeoutUDS' option has been renamed `WithWriteTimeout` since it also impact named pipe transport.
> - 'SetWriteTimeout' method has been removed in favor of 'WithWriteTimeout' option.

Reviewer: non-blocking nit:
```suggestion
- `WithWriteTimeoutUDS` option has been renamed `WithWriteTimeout` since it also impact named pipe transport.
- `SetWriteTimeout` method has been removed in favor of `WithWriteTimeout` option.
```
